http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/aiston
Dr AISTON, Sarah J.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/brendara
Dr ALEGRE, Brenda
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/sandrews
Professor ANDREWS, Stephen J
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/arani
Dr ARANI, Abbas Madandar
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/barrett1
Dr BARRETT, Elizabeth
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/mbray
Professor BRAY, Mark
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/sbridges
Dr BRIDGES, Susan
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/gtlbrown
Dr BROWN, Gavin
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/dcarless
Professor CARLESS, David
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/ckkchan
Professor CHAN, Carol K.K.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/yycheri
Dr CHAN, Cheri
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/cchanph
Ms CHAN, Christina P.H.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/evachan2
Dr CHAN, Eva S.Y.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/karencmk
Dr CHAN, Karen M.K.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/ckhhku
Dr CHAN, Kennedy K.H.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/ssychan
Dr CHAN, Simon S.Y.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/kitchan2
Mrs CHAN PUN, Kit Ling
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/feichen1
Dr CHEN, Felix F.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/gwchen
Dr CHEN, Gaowei
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/chengkla
Dr CHENG, Anthony K.L.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/kmcheng
Professor CHENG, Kai Ming
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/mwcheng
Dr CHENG, Maurice M.W.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/cheungck
Dr CHEUNG, Chi Kim
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/cwming
Dr CHEUNG, Wai Ming
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/wcheungk
Ms CHEUNG, Winnie K.Y.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/dchiu88
Dr CHIU, Dickson K.W.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/tchiu
Dr CHIU, Thomas K.F.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/chloechu
Ms CHU, Chloe W.L.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/samchu
Dr CHU, Samuel K.W.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/dchurch
Dr CHURCHILL, Daniel
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/jrday
Dr DAY, Jeffrey R.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/rwfong
Dr FONG, Ricci W.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/sfriel
Mr FRIEL, Stephen
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/clfung
Dr FUNG, Dennis C.L.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/xsgao
Dr GAO, Andy X.S.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/gharfitt
Dr HARFITT, Gary
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/mhennebr
Dr HENNEBRY, Mairin
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/kfhew
Dr HEW, Timothy K.F.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/lmwho
Dr HO, Loretta M.W.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/hosya
Dr HO, Shun Yee
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/horta
Dr HORTA, Hugo
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/lhossain
Professor HOSSAIN, Liaquat
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/wyhsieh
Dr HSIEH, Wu Ying
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/xiaoxhu
Dr HU, Xiao
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/yxhhuang
Dr HUANG, Xianhan
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/fhyland
Dr HYLAND, Fiona
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/lizj
Dr JACKSON, Liz
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/junjin
Dr JIN, Jun
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/jisun
Dr JUNG, Jisun
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/flfkan
Dr KAN, Flora L.F.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/kempston
Ms KEMPSTON, Tanya
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/hraskww
Dr KI, Wing Wah
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/fymkong
Dr KONG, Fiona Y.M.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/pkutnick
Professor KUTNICK, Peter
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/cmkwan
Dr KWAN, Alvin C.M.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/tylkwan
Dr KWAN, Tammy Y.L.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/wykwo
Dr KWO, Ora W.Y.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/laichun
Dr LAI, Chun
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/jwilam
Dr LAM, Joseph W.I.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/tflin
Mr LAM, Tung Fei
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/carriegl
Dr LAU, Carrie G.L.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/yklaw
Dr LAW, Doris Y.K.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/nlaw
Professor LAW, Nancy W.Y.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/splaw
Dr LAW, Sam Po
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/wwlaw
Professor LAW, Wing Wah
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/amslee
Mr LEE, Arthur M.S.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/leediana
Ms LEE, Diana P.L.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/frederickleung
Professor LEUNG, Frede
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/huili
Dr LI, Hui
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/yongyan
Dr LI, Yongyan
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/angellin
Professor LIN, Angel M.Y.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/amflo
Mr LO, Alain M.F.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/mmlo
Dr LO, Margaret M.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/yuenyilo
Dr LO, Yuen Yi
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/ekyloh
Dr LOH, Elizabeth K.Y.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/jielu
Dr LU, Jie
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/jingyan
Dr LU, Jingyan
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/lukcmj
Dr LUK, Jasmine C.M.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/estella
Dr MA, Estella P.M.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/ahmar
MAHBOOB, Ahmar
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/dbmcpher
Professor MCPHERSON, Bradley
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/cwfmok
Miss MOK, Candace W.F.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/iacmok
Dr MOK, Ida A.C.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/fpng
Dr NG, Fung Ping
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/hmng
Dr NG, Ho Ming
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/manwa
Dr NG, Manwa Lawrence
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/snich
Ms NICHOLSON, Suzi
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/paoleks
Dr OLEKSIYENKO, Anatoly
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/pangmf
Dr PANG, Ming Fai
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/vhkpang
Miss PANG, Vanessa H.K.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/mpmilans
Dr PEREZ MILANS, Miguel
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/petitto
Professor PETITTO, Laura-Ann
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/adapoon
Ms POON, Ada W.M.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/gerry
Professor POSTIGLIONE, Gerard A
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/nrao
Professor RAO, Nirmala
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/mskshum
Dr SHUM, Mark S.K.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/acksiu
Dr SIU, Aaron C.K.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/flcsiu
Dr SIU, Felix L.C.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/dstorey
Mr STOREY, Damian
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/ifansu
Dr SU, I-Fan
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/lilysue
Ms SUE, Lyllie
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/rachels
Dr SUN, Rachel C.F.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/cptai
Dr TAI, Chung Pui
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/tancy
Dr TAN, Cheng Yong
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/tavaresn
Miss TAVARES, Nicole J.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/wgtiern
Professor TIERNEY, William
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/cytin
Miss TIN, Carmela C.Y.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/tokitsum
Dr TO, Carol K.S.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/tollefso
Professor TOLLEFSON, James W
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/xltong
Dr TONG, Xiuli
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/sktse
Professor TSE, Shek Kam
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/bmtsui
Professor TSUI, Amy B.M.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/vanaalst
Dr VAN AALST, Jan C. W.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/lcvuong
Dr VUONG, Loan C.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/danwang
Dr WANG, Dan
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/magwang
Dr WANG, Maggie M.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/rkywang
Ms WANG, Rhoda K.Y.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/shiruw
Dr WANG, Shiru
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/yinghku
Dr WANG, Ying
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/zhanwang
WANG, Zhan
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/pwarning
Mr WARNING, Peter
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/weekes
Professor WEEKES, Brendan
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/aslwong
Dr WONG, Alice S.L.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/amywong
Dr WONG, Anita M.Y.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/klwong3
Mr WONG, Ka Lok
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/llnwong
Dr WONG, Lena L.N.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/minwong
Dr WONG, Min Ney
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/puisanw
Dr WONG, Puisan
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/xyxiao
Dr XIAO, Xiaoyun
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/aileixie
Dr XIE, Ailei
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/yangrui
Professor YANG, Rui
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/sammiyau
Dr YAU, King Woon
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/patcyy
Dr YEUNG, Patcy P.S.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/valyip
Dr YIP, Valerie W.Y.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/eyiu
Professor YIU, Edwin M.L.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/hkyuen
Dr YUEN, Allan H.K.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/mtyuen
Dr YUEN, Man Tak
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/yumyenna
Dr YUM, Cherry Y.N.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/hwyung
Dr YUNG, Benny H.W.
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/bennan
Dr ZHANG, Bennan
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/lfzhang
Professor ZHANG, Li Fang
http://web.edu.hku.hk/staff/academic/weizh
Dr ZHANG, Wei